# packages in environment at /data/djs217/miniconda3/envs/phame_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.7.2              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
argtable2                 2.13              hd590300_1004    conda-forge
bbmap                     39.09                h92535d8_0    bioconda
bcftools                  1.21                 h8b25389_0    bioconda
blast                     2.16.0               hc155240_2    bioconda
blast-legacy              2.2.26               h9ee0642_4    bioconda
bowtie2                   2.5.4                h7071971_4    bioconda
bwa                       0.7.18               he4a0461_1    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.33.1               heb4867d_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0               hb05425b_5  
clustalo                  1.2.4                hdbdd923_8    bioconda
clustalw                  2.1                 h4ac6f70_10    bioconda
cmake                     3.29.4               h91dbaaa_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.8.0                he654da7_1    conda-forge
entrez-direct             22.4                 he881be0_0    bioconda
expat                     2.6.3                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
fasttree                  2.1.11               h031d066_4    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
gawk                      5.3.1                hcd3d067_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.80.2               hf974151_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.80.2               hb6ce0ca_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                hac33072_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  5.3.0                h418a68e_0    conda-forge
htslib                    1.21                 h5efdd21_0    bioconda
hyphy                     2.5.62               h0d74fca_1    bioconda
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
iqtree                    2.3.6                hdbdd923_0    bioconda
jpeg                      9e                   h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_1    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               he8f35ee_3    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.22.5               he8f35ee_3    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           24_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           24_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.8.0                hca28451_1    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.21                 h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.3                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.1.0               hc5f4f2c_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.2               hf974151_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_hac2b453_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hde9e2c9_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.1.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.1.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.2.0                hf544144_3    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libuv                     1.49.0               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
mafft                     7.525                h031d066_1    bioconda
mpfr                      4.2.1                h90cbb55_3    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                     openmpi    conda-forge
mummer                    3.23            pl5321hdbdd923_20    bioconda
muscle                    5.1                  h4ac6f70_3    bioconda
ncbi-vdb                  3.1.1                h4ac6f70_2    bioconda
ncurses                   6.5                  he02047a_1    conda-forge
openjdk                   17.0.3               hea3dc9f_3    conda-forge
openmpi                   4.1.6              hc5af2df_101    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
paml                      4.10.7               h031d066_1    bioconda
pcre2                     10.43                hcad00b1_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-algorithm-diff       1.1903          pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-apache-test          1.43            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7047          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-bio-asn1-entrezgene  1.73            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-coordinate       1.007001        pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-featureio        1.6.905         pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-bio-samtools         1.43            pl5321he4a0461_4    bioconda
perl-bio-searchio-hmmer   1.7.3           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-phylo-paml 1.7.3           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-clustalw 1.7.4           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-tcoffee 1.7.4           pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-bioperl              1.7.8                hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl-core         1.7.8           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl-run          1.007003        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-capture-tiny         0.48            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-class-data-inheritable 0.09            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-class-load           0.25            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-class-load-xs        0.10            pl5321h9f5acd7_6    bioconda
perl-class-method-modifiers 2.13            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.105           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-check      0.014           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-requirements 2.143           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-data-optlist         0.113           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-db_file              1.858           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-devel-globaldestruction 0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-devel-overloadinfo   0.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-devel-stacktrace     2.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-digest-hmac          1.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.58            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-dist-checkconflicts  0.11            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-encode-locale        1.05            pl5321hdfd78af_7    bioconda
perl-eval-closure         0.14            pl5321h9f5acd7_6    bioconda
perl-exception-class      1.45            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-listing         6.16            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.18            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-slurp-tiny      0.004           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-file-sort            1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-getopt-long          2.58            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.81            pl5321h4ac6f70_1    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.16            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.06            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-inc-latest           0.500           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321hdbdd923_2    bioconda
perl-io-handle            1.42            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.074           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-string            1.08            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-io-tty               1.16            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-ipc-run              20200505.0      pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-json-xs              4.03            pl5321h4ac6f70_3    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.67            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-libxml-perl          0.08            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h031d066_2    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-module-build         0.4234          pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-module-implementation 0.09            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-module-metadata      1.000038        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-module-runtime-conflicts 0.003           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-moo                  2.005004        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-moose                2.2202          pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-mro-compat           0.15            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-net-http             6.22            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.92            pl5321hf14f497_1    conda-forge
perl-ntlm                 1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-package-deprecationmanager 0.17            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash        0.40            pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash-xs     0.30            pl5321h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
perl-parallel-forkmanager 2.03            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-params-util          1.102           pl5321h9f5acd7_1    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-role-tiny            2.002004        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.62            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-socket               2.027           pl5321h031d066_4    bioconda
perl-statistics-distributions 1.02            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter         0.988           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter-progressive 0.001013        pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-sub-identify         0.14            pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-sub-install          0.928           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-sub-name             0.21            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-sub-quote            2.006006        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-sub-uplevel          0.2800          pl5321hec16e2b_4    bioconda
perl-test-deep            1.130           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-differences     0.69            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-exception       0.43            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-most            0.38            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-warn            0.36            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-text-diff            1.45            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-time-local           1.35            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-tree-dag_node        1.32            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.12            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-version              0.9924          pl5321hec16e2b_2    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-xml-dom              1.46            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-dom-xpath        0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl5321hc3e0081_1003    conda-forge
perl-xml-regexp           0.04            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-xml-xpathengine      0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
phame                     1.0.3                         1    bioconda
pip                       24.2               pyh8b19718_1    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
poa                       2.0                  h031d066_5    bioconda
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
python                    3.12.3          hab00c5b_0_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    5_cp312    conda-forge
raxml                     8.2.13               h031d066_2    bioconda
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
rhash                     1.4.4                hd590300_0    conda-forge
rpsbproc                  0.5.0                h6a68c12_0    bioconda
samtools                  1.21                 h50ea8bc_0    bioconda
setuptools                75.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
t-coffee                  12.00.7fb08c2        h26a2512_0    bioconda
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024b                hc8b5060_0    conda-forge
viennarna                 2.6.4           py312pl5321h9f0f9fd_3    bioconda
wget                      1.21.4               hda4d442_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.44.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.10               h4f16b4b_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
xorg-xorgproto            2024.1               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
